Task Overview:
 
Terminology Update: Replace the terms 'agent' with 'advocate' and 'customer' with 'member' throughout your response and do not include names.
 
Call Summary: Generate a concise three-sentence summary of the call starting with the reason why the member called then what is the resolution and use advocate instead of agent, member instead of customer.
 
Insight: Identify opportunities related to the Advocate’s role and provide insights on enhancing member engagement.
 
Action Plan: Create a detailed paragraph outlining an action plan aimed at improving the overall call experience.
 
GROW Coaching Log: Create a GROW coaching Log.
 
Call Type Identification: Determine the specific call type from the following options:
 
Benefits > OTC
Benefits > Copay
Benefits > Dental
Benefits > DME
Benefits > Fitness
Benefits > Hearing
Benefits > Imaging Procedures (X-ray, MRI, CT Scan, PET)
Benefits > Laboratory Procedures
Benefits > Medicine
Benefits > Passport
Benefits > Physical Therapy/Occupational Therapy
Benefits > Surgery (Inpatient/Outpatient)
Benefits > Transportation
Benefits > Vision
Billing > Billing Inquiry
Billing > Payment
Billing > Refund
Billing > Update Method of Payment
Billing > LEP
Claims > Claim Inquiry
Claims > COB
Claims > Denied Claims
Enrollment > Enroll/Disenroll
Enrollment > Reinstate Member
General Inquiry / Complaints > AEP
General Inquiry/Complaints > Fulfillment
General Inquiry/Complaints > Demographics Update
General Inquiry / Complaints > Transfer to Another Department
General Inquiry / Complaints > Plan Inquiry
General Inquiry / Complaints > Website Issues
Pharmacy
Provider > Doctor (PCP/Specialist)
Provider > Non-Doctor (Clinic/Hospital)
Disconnected Call
No Interaction
Enrollment > Enroll/Disenroll
Enrollment > Reinstate Member
Evaluation Table:
 
Use the following table format to assess the call elements:
 
Criteria Met or Not Met What did the Advocate do well? What could the Advocate do to improve?
Did the advocate have a Superb Opening & Modified Closing Spiel?
Was there a MASTERFUL 3-Part Start (Ask, Acknowledge, Assure)?
Was there a Positive Connection?
Did the advocate have a Partner With the Member?
Did the advocate go the Extra Mile / Hassle Free?
Did the advocate ask if they're a Repeat Caller and provide a Grandstand resolution and recap?
 
Performance Assessment Criteria:
Utilize the following assessment in table format metrics to evaluate the advocate’s performance, answering "Met or Not Met" and providing feedback:

Be Empathetic /Genuine (Experience - Trustworthy Engagement )
Demonstrate empathy, which means recognizing and responding to the feeling of the consumer when an emotion is expressed. Show genuineness, which means building rapport with the customer, showing authentic interest in the customer's problem and avoiding transactional/robotic conversation & be courteous, which means showing politeness in one's attitude and behavior.

Instill Confidence (Experience - Trustworthy Engagement )
Instill Confidence which means to express a willingness to assist, demonstrate knowledge and provide assurance to instill credibility, and trust.

Effective Communication ( Experience - Trustworthy Engagement)	

Demonstrate effective communication, which means actively listening to understand and learn, communicate in a clear and simplified manner, and validating understanding.
Notes for Experience - Trustworthy Engagement	

Ask Investigative Questions (Experience - Anticipate Needs)	

Ask questions to understand customer’s needs and concerns (root cause). The questions can be specific, broad, or tailored to each individual's situation to gather important information.
Address Alerts and Triggers (Experience - Anticipate Needs)	

Acknowledge system alerts (notifications placed on a member's account to provide insight as to the reason they may be calling) and address triggers (notifications requiring action on a member's account).
Next best actions/opportunities/dashboard campaigns (Experience - Anticipate Needs)	

Inform customers about associated Next Best Actions (NBAs) for GCO and IFP or dashboard opportunities for E&I, emphasizing their value and relevance to effective healthcare management.
Educate on available resources (Experience - Anticipate Needs)	

Utilize the tools available to you to assist in meeting the customers need. Provide information about available resources, services and financial savings that could benefit the customer. These opportunities are outside of required NBA’s/dashboard opportunities.
Educate on self-service (Experience - Anticipate Needs)	

Provide education and navigational support on available self-service and digital tools.
Notes for Experience - Anticipate Needs	

Warm transfer (Experience - Take Full Ownership)	

In cases where the advocate does not have access to the information or systems to assist the customer in resolving their need and the advocate must refer the customer to someone else, an offer to complete a warm transfer is required. Warm transfer is defined as the advocate connecting the customer and introducing the next person who will handle the interaction and sharing relevant information and context.
Perform outreach (Experience - Take Full Ownership)	

In cases where the advocate has access to information or systems to assist the customer but cannot solve on their own, the advocate must offer to reach out and collaborate with another party on the customer's behalf to resolve their need.
Assist with appointment scheduling (Experience - Take Full Ownership)	

When a specific provider is identified and the customer indicates themselves or a covered dependent plan on seeing them in the future, the advocate must offer to assist in scheduling an appointment.
Notes for Experience - Take Full Ownership	

Accurate (Process - Adherence)	

Provide correct answers and information.
Complete (Process - Adherence)	

RESPONSE: Provide comprehensive details to all questions posed, including essential information about plan designs and related programs to ensure the inquiry is fully resolved for the customer.
ACTION: Complete all required actions to ensure customer accounts are updated and needs/requests are fully satisfied.
Model/client specific requirements (Process - Adherence)	

Adhere to all requirements that are specific to a product, plan, model, or client. Includes UHC requirements that are not measured in other categories yet are a documented process.
Documentation (Process - Adherence)	

Document interaction to meet all requirements, ensuring adherence to standards, and utilizing templates when applicable.
Notes for Process - Adherence	

Appeals and grievances (Regulation - Compliance & Privacy)	

Identify, classify, and take actions required for appeal & grievances, according to regulatory policies.
Organization and coverage determinations (Regulation - Compliance & Privacy)	

Identify, classify, and take actions required for organization and coverage determinations, according to regulatory policies.
State and/or federal mandated policies (Regulation - Compliance & Privacy)	

Follow processes and take required actions as they relate to state and/or federal mandated policies according to the regulatory processes.
HIPAA verification/authentication (Regulation - Compliance & Privacy)	

Follow all verification and authentication steps as required by HIPAA.
PHI/PII (Regulation - Compliance & Privacy)	

Only release PHI/PII to authorized individuals.
COMPLIANCE & PRIVACY OVERALL	

The answer to this question is determined by the answers of the five previous questions in the Regulation – Compliance & Privacy category.
Notes for Regulation - Compliance & Privacy	
